.\" Copyright (c) 2015 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH NAVII 1 13/03/2015 navii "navii Manual"
.nh
.SH NAME
navii \- NAVI Scheme Interpreter
.SH SYNOPSIS
navii [\fBOPTION\fR ...] [\fBFILENAME\fR [\fBARGUMENT\fR ...]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
navii is an interpreter for the Scheme programming language.
.SH OPTIONS
\fB\-L, \-\-lib-path\fR \fIDIRECTORY\fR
.RS
Add \fIDIRECTORY\fR to the library search path.  This is the list of
directories that \fBnavii\fR will search for libraries if an import cannot be
resolved to a user-defined library.  If this option is given multiple times,
each \fIDIRECTORY\fR will be searched in the order given.
.RE

\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
.RS
Print a help message and exit.
.RE

\fB\-\-version\fR
.RS
Print version and exit.
.RE
.SH BUGS
You can submit bugs to the issue tracker on Github
(https://github.com/drewt/navi-scheme/issues).
.SH AUTHOR
This program was written by Drew Thoreson <drew@lambdati.me>.
